hello YouTube my name is Gucci and
welcome to gb lounges top five glitches
now for all of the new viewers that i
just joined us all of our clips they are
in a competitive scenario epic game bout
as much up to tournament games scrims or
indeed out or LAN tournaments as well
known at clip number once there we are
on board of spark see all of his
teammates have just died at the exact
same time 1 minute 15 seconds left on
that clock and he's got one vs 42
completely takes out that first play
there up at the B domination point is of
course playing on plaza now he's left in
a 1 vs 3 the enemy team have got that
bomb it down as well so they will all be
self around that so this is going to be
a huge task force park c to compete now
one vs three left to complete is in a 1
vs four in total now you thinking this
isn't too special but as he makes his
way towards the bomb this is where
things get heated up sees one right now
that orange room is going to push
towards up right and so I catches a
second as well in there sees the third
that was a 1 vs 4 with a huge nice 3
piece at the end of that clip great play
there to kick things off today and it
clipped number two we are on board with
Gibbs just seen a player run past him as
he has planted that bomb that was smart
though she's going to wait for him to
start with using that just managed to
pick off that kill jumps down the stairs
didn't see anybody down there reverts
back Caesar third and the second all on
screen at the same time great play there
from goober that brings his team a bit
closer to leveling the scores their nice
one versus three very quickly around
that bomb site now into clip number
three we are on board with come 9a
playing some slum she's got himself that
emanate does manage to pick up a
headshot to kick things off he's got one
licious three left to complete here to
see another one run out of that blue I
think itís not there yet pulls it out
picks it up sees another one trauma
flanking nice headshot there with that
sniper salad is now left in a one vs
three scenarios pulled that sniper back
out does manage to see him through that
four by four there doesn't make sure
London any bullets under him knows is
coming through that middle map now
though pulls out the m8 just managed to
take him down that was nice a smart
tactical awareness play from come 9a now
in a clip number four now nearly at the
end of the episode of course it is top
five glitches we are back on at Plaza
key things off today with a grenade
moves in towards the bomb site just make
sure take down all three in ours nice
play and the final clip of today's
no the very last clip that you will be
seen here on gb lounge today we are
boarded banquette jf is picking up his
first kill and his second over there on
the far side of the map and there is now
less than a 1vs1 one bomb into the groin
area my do I think I just want to drop
dead if I got shot in the bollocks but
that was great play there to finish off
today's episode now of course is you
guys who decide the winner of these
episodes please pop a name or a number
down below in the comment section and
then of course the winner with the moat
the person with the most votes will be
crowned at today's winner and you can be
seen them being played here on the end
of next episode ever than that guys I've
been Gucci an amount